Big brother forgive me
Husband, what are you doing, dad?
How dare I spare you
I just spared your life yesterday.
Today, your daughter will come and grab the private room with my daughter
And your wife wants to steal my daughter's birthday present
Why are you so aggressive and bringing so many people?
Trying to rob us?
Lao Hong, get up for me
What are you kneeling for?
Aren't we going to rob the fucking thing?
Rob your mother
Stinky woman, I was hurt badly by you
What are you crazy about?
I went crazy.
I didn't seal enough
Otherwise, I would have beaten you to death long ago
Lao Hong, what do you mean?
Uncle, what's the matter with you?
Is there any misunderstanding?
Today is the real birthday
Don't scare him into messing with you.
Did you tell your uncle?
I called my uncle
But he hasn't picked up yet
Do you know why your uncle doesn't answer your phone?
Auntie told me
Uncle is preparing recently
Preparations for the Alliance Leader Conference
He has been captured by Lord Tiger
He's dead now.
Just his Qinglong Gang's Xiang Qiang father and son
Jiang Zhen and his son from the White Tiger Gang
They have all been captured by the tiger master
Jiang Zhendao's son, Mr. Jiang, is now dead
Are you kidding me?
It's hard to see a life
You hurt me badly.
Lao Hong, you are right
The negative aspects of the four major gangs
It has nothing to do with this one in front of you.
You tried to rob him?
Do you know who that is?
He is the eldest brother of Tiger Lord
How is that possible?